Okay so now we're going to see how we can get
internet access into our subnets
because right now we don't know what a Public Subnet is
and what a Private Subnet is, and currently,
both our subnets do not have internet access.
So an Internet Gateway will allow resources
in a VPC to connect to the internet,
and it could be EC2 instances allowing the functions
and so on.
It will scale horizontally
and it's highly available and redundant.
So it's a really nice managed resource
and it must be created separately from a VPC.
Now one VPC can only be attached to one Internet Gateway
and vice versa and Internet Gateways on their own
do not allow internet access.
We must also edit the Route Tables to make it work.
So we'll see this in a second.
So currently we have a VPC.
We have two subnets in one EC,
so I didn't represent the other two subnets
to make this diagram as simple as possible.
We're going to create an Internet Gateway in this VPC,
and this enough will not give internet access
to our subnets.
What we need to do is to also edit the Route Tables.
So we'll create a Public EC2 Instance in our Public Subnet
and then we will have to edit a Route Table so that
the EC2 Instance can connect to the Router,
then connect to the Internet Gateway,
and then from the Internet Gateway connect to the internet.
So let's have a look at how we can do this
in the next lecture.